
Tactileo Quest is distribute by IGN-France 
under the CeCILL-B FREE SOFTWARE LICENSE.
 (c) Jean-Marc Viglino, IGN-France

Some resources used in this sofware may have a specific license.
You must check before use.

 
*** CeCILL-B FREE SOFTWARE LICENSE AGREEMENT :

This Agreement is an open source software license intended to give users
significant freedom to modify and redistribute the software licensed
hereunder.

The exercising of this freedom is conditional upon a strong obligation
of giving credits for everybody that distributes a software
incorporating a software ruled by the current license so as all
contributions to be properly identified and acknowledged.

In consideration of access to the source code and the rights to copy,
modify and redistribute granted by the license, users are provided only
with a limited warranty and the software's author, the holder of the
economic rights, and the successive licensors only have limited liability.

In this respect, the risks associated with loading, using, modifying
and/or developing or reproducing the software by the user are brought to
the user's attention, given its Free Software status, which may make it
complicated to use, with the result that its use is reserved for
developers and experienced professionals having in-depth computer
knowledge. Users are therefore encouraged to load and test the
suitability of the software as regards their requirements in conditions
enabling the security of their systems and/or data to be ensured and,
more generally, to use and operate it in the same conditions of
security. This Agreement may be freely reproduced and published,
provided it is not altered, and that no provisions are either added or
removed herefrom.

This Agreement may apply to any or all software for which the holder of
the economic rights decides to submit the use thereof to its provisions.

Full text license in English: http://www.cecill.info/licences/Licence_CeCILL-B_V1-en.txt
Full text license in French: http://www.cecill.info/licences/Licence_CeCILL-C_V1-fr.txt


*** ATTRIBUTION

The following assets were used in the creation of this sample app :

- Images and animations
	- Logo Tactileo - (c) Tacileo 2014 - http://projet.tactileo.net/
	- Universal LPC Sprite Sheet - (c) CC-By-SA - https://github.com/jrconway3/Universal-LPC-spritesheet/blob/master/AUTHORS.txt
	- A whole lot of RPG items by Orteil - (c) CC-By-SA - http://orteil.deviantart.com/art/A-whole-lot-of-RPG-items-379986564
	- Parchemin by stux, modified - (c) CC0 Public Domain - http://pixabay.com/fr/certificat-papier-parchemin-port%C3%A9-70844/
	- Papyrus by geralt, modified - (c) CC0 Public Domain - http://pixabay.com/fr/parchemin-papyrus-sale-vieux-435347/
	- Compass Rose by ElfQrin - (c) CC-By-SA - http://fr.wikipedia.org/wiki/Fichier:Compass_rose_en_04p.svg

- Font
	- Almendra font (c) 2011-2012 Ana Sanfelippo, Open font Licence v1.1 - http://www.fontsquirrel.com/fonts/almendra

- Cartography
	- Carte d'Etat Major(r) (1820-1866) - (c) IGN-Géoportail - http://www.geoportail.gouv.fr/donnee/56/carte-de-l-etat-major-en-couleur?l=GEOGRAPHICALGRIDSYSTEMS.ETATMAJOR40$GEOPORTAIL:OGC:WMTS%281%29&permalink=yes
	- Photographies aériennes - (c) IGN-Géoportail - http://www.geoportail.gouv.fr/donnee/81/photographies-aeriennes?l=ORTHOIMAGERY.ORTHOPHOTOS$GEOPORTAIL:OGC:WMTS%281%29&permalink=yes

- Information resource
	- DBPedia Knowledge Base - (c) DBPedia CC-By-SA - http://dbpedia.org/About

- Libraries
	- jQuery - MIT License - http://jquery.com/
	- jQuery custom scroller (c) Malihu - MIT License - http://manos.malihu.gr/jquery-custom-content-scroller/
	- Add to Homescreen (c) 2014 Matteo Spinelli - MIT License - http://cubiq.org/add-to-home-screen
